Ricky Yeung
2/5/24
Understanding how hackers gain access to computer hardware and software data is crucial to preventing them from happening in the first place.
# How is a hardware hack different than a software hack?
Software hacking gives an attacker the ability to lock out a user, steal data, or cause havoc. Hardware hacking involves exploiting a flaw in the security of the physical components of a device. Unlike software hacks, a hardware hack requires access to a physical device to execute hacking.
What are the two ways for spies to alter a computer’s hardware?
The first way a spy can alter a computers hardware is by interdiction. This approach consist of manipulating devices as they are transported from manufacturer to customer. The second method is by seeding changes from the very beginning. To successfully accomplish this attack, you would need have a deep understanding of the products design, manipulating components, and that the tampered device will make it through logistics without being detected.
Explain how the hack worked.
China used the first method to alter the computers hardware by implementing a tiny chip that is capable of doing two things: telling the device to communicate with one of several anonymous computers elsewhere on the internet that were loaded with more complex code; and preparing the device’s operating system to accept this new code. This chip allowed them to steal encryption keys for secure communications, block security updates that would neutralize the attack, and open up new pathways to the internet
How were investigators able to trace the chips back to the source?
Since it was a hardware attack U.S. intellgiencies were able to find the trail that led to its origins. The U.S.  intercepted communications, tapped informatants, and followed the supply chain in reverse and step by step. Eventually they were able to trace down the tampered chips and found that it was the work of the People’s Liberation Army unit.
Things i want to know more about: 
How is a tiny chip as small as a grain of rice able to access data and take control of certain system hardware components?
